#### Step 1 – Setting the Vision
Vision is the ability to describe a future picture so clearly that another person can see and understand it

To set your personal vision, take some time to write down your ideal future. If you could go forward one, three, or ten years from now, what would your life look like?
	--What type of leader are you?
	-- What legacy did you leave behind in your current role?
	-- What was your career trajectory did you take to get to where you are now?
	-- What skills did you develop over that time?

If your company were planning to grow threefold next year, you would need to think about your team, resources, and infrastructure very differently than if it were planning half of that growth. The more you understand about your company’s direction, the better equipped you’ll be to make strategic decisions around your department.
Once you are clear about the company vision and feel personally aligned to it, you can start to think about the vision for your department.

Building & communucation department vision:
- What are the major milestones you have accomplished?
- How has the quality narrative changed inside your company?
- What is the dynamic like inside your team and between other departments?

##### Step 2

- Define your quality narrative (ch1)
- Define your product maturity (ch5)
- Check your current process (https://github.com/ahunsberger/TransformingCulture)
- Understand your growth metric (ch9)
- Understand your team's skills and capacity

With a full understanding of where you are going and where you are right now, you can now begin to work with your team to define a quality strategy.”


#### Step 3 
Share the assessment information you created in the previous stage with everyone who will be involved in the strategy conversation. Give them time to prepare and do their own research before the discussion. Here are a few questions you might want to discuss:


Quality Narrative Questions
 - How would we like to change our quality narrative?
- Which individuals or departments do we need to influence or begin to know in order to start making that change?

Testing Questions
- What testing types make the most sense for our product’s current stage?
- How can we optimize the feedback loops of our testing so that our engineers get the most value from them?
- How can we test closer to the environments of our local personas?

Value Questions
- What can we do to help move the company growth metric?

 Team Skill and Capacity Questions
- What additional training is needed for your team?
- Do we need to reach outside our company to external part“ners to increase the team’s capabilities or capacity?
- Where can we utilize external partners to fill in short- or long-term gaps?
- Once you are confident in your strategy, you may realize that you require more resources than originally planned. When articulating back to the management team, remember to use the Value Narrative presenting the revenue potential, savings, and risk mitigation


#### Summary
- Vision comes first: if you have a clear vision, you will eventually attract the right strategy. If you don’t have a clear vision, no strategy will save you.
- To set vision, you need to start with yourself, then make sure it’s aligned to your company and then your team/department.
- Assess your starting point of where you are now and where you want to be to understand what’s important for your strategy. Use our online resources if you need help.
- Remember, if you’re not confused while thinking through your strategy process, you’re probably not doing it right.
- Take into account your resource constraints and what you need to get to where you want.
- It’s OK to pivot and adjust your strategy if it’s not working.”
