“Each product moved through three broad categories:
- Validation:
 product-market fit
- Predictability:
 creating a stable infrastructure for scale
 - Scalling:
 minimizing negative impact to unlock growth


##### validation
The core theme of this stage is cost-effectiveness and flexibility. It doesn’t make sense to commit large-scale resources to an unproven idea. You will be in a continual state of flux while you iterate through challenges and opportunities until you either find a promising prototype or abandon the product altogether.

##### predictability 
At the validation stage of a product, you’re constantly iterating. But once you find product-market fit, your priorities shift from prototyping to supporting the core features.
You want, in a word, predictability.
At this stage, teams typically focus on software stability. Testing efforts revolve around tasks such as exploratory testing and writing test cases and automation scripts for stable features. With a viable product and market, it makes sense to put more resources behind the app and invest in testing infrastructure

At the predictability stage, it’s clear that the extreme choices, to either continue moving forward without a solid testing foundation or to stop everything and write all of the missing automated tests, are both unacceptable. The move to a more automated platform becomes the goal. But getting there isn’t done overnight.
You want to find tactics that incrementally move things forward, balancing the short-term benefits against the long-term costs.”


#### scaling 
In the validation stage, a bug that affects 1% of users isn’t even on the quality team’s radar. In the predictability stage, that small of a percentage is a low-priority edge case. But once you’re in the scaling stage, 1% of your users may comprise more people than your entire user base in the first two stages.

During this stage of growth, companies usually use a wide blend of testing types. For King, they use this period to go deeper into performance testing, looking at battery, network, and CPU consumption to ensure the app is truly meeting customer expectations.

#### working with legacy software
five-step method:
- Identify where in the codebase you need to make changes.
- Find the right test points.
- Break those dependencies into smaller modules.
- Write the tests.
- Make changes and refactor.
