
But only focusing on deployment speed is risky. What good is it having a team that’s set up to release bad code to production even faster? Alongside being able to deploy quickly, teams must have an infrastructure allowing them to monitor what’s happening post-deploy and to quickly revert or deploy a new fix if necessary.

##### Monitoring for Impact on Your Users
Monitoring allows you to observe what is happening in an environment and set alerts or triggers if there is a variance from the expected behavior. For example, a huge drop in traffic after a release may signal that something critical is broken.”
- Basic availability and correctness: no “page not found” errors, no missing images or anything that shows unavailability
- Latency : everything loading quickly
- Completeness, freshness, and durability: the data they store with you being safe and accessible when they want to retrieve something from it
- Features: the features they want to use working correctly As he put it:”

“Setting up monitoring and alerts to focus on the impact on customers will keep your teams thinking about what brings value to your customers. It will provide a lagging indicator that informs you of your whole quality process.
If you are constantly being alerted about issues in production, it would be wise to review how you could adjust your process earlier in the development lifecycle.”


##### Testing in Production
Therefore, the closer you can test to the environment a user will be in, the better understanding you have of your product’s quality. This is the approach that media companies like The Guardian
 have taken.

As everyone in the development and quality teams became more comfortable with the idea, they started to notice improvements. Quality teams had more time to focus on the most critical parts of the product. Engineers saw more value in the testing that was happening, as they were getting the right type of feedback they needed at each stage of the development process.
One member of her former team, Jacob Winch, put it like this:
We believe developers should derive confidence from knowing their code has run successfully in the real world, rather than from observing green test cases in a sanitized environment. We minimized testing run pre-deployment and extended our deployment pipeline to include feedback on tests run against the production site.

“Once code is in production, it’s important to remember that the infrastructure should be there to support your customer having the best experience of your product. This holds true whether you find yourself in the early stages of setting up an infrastructure like Charles (from EVRYTHNG) where you are focusing on continuous delivery to get new features and bug fixes deployed faster, or at a more advanced point like Sally from The Guardian
 – where you are focusing on monitoring and testing.”


Summary
“Improving quality in your company isn’t only about testing. It’s also about having an infrastructure that allows issues to be fixed quickly.
- Implementing continuous delivery allows you to quickly release and to roll back if problems are identified in production.
- Monitoring and alerting systems should be “symptom-based” instead of “cause-based.” This ensures that your team are focused on the impact on users.
- Testing in production allows you to test in the most similar environment to what your users will be using, giving you the best understanding of your product’s quality.
- Testing in production requires having a firm understanding of best practice, and shouldn’t be the only form of testing done.”

