“Quality Leadership Starts with Quality Communication”

What is quality:
“Quality is subjective; it’s determined by whoever is using the product at the time.


Quality is relative; it changes over time.”
“Quality is value to some person, at some time, who matters.”2”

“The customer’s expectations never remain the same, their needs are forever growing, and their point of view is ever changing. They will always want something better than whatever they have today.
That’s the essence of quality”

#### About optimization QA
“Just like the journey the manufacturing industry took, focusing all of your efforts solely around optimizing for speed won’t give you the long-term advantage you truly need. “Improving QA” has to be more than just eliminating the bottlenecks. It has to be about delivering quality as perceived by the customer.”

#### 3C: Customer, Company and career
“Poor quality can have a huge impact on your customers, your company, and your career. As leaders of quality, it’s our responsibility to ensure we help guide our teams and colleagues in a direction that positively impacts the 3Cs.”

#### Quality narrative
“A quality narrative is the way people think and talk about quality in a company”

“The Ownership Narrative – discussions around who is responsible for quality
The “How to Test” Narrative – discussions around what the right ways to test or what tools should be used to improve quality
The Value Narrative– discussions around what the return on investment is for investing in quality”

#### The Ownership Narrative
“As quality leaders inside our companies, we must not look at quality as a siloed responsibility of the test and engineering teams, but rather must widen the Ownership Narrative so that everyone understands their part in ensuring a high-quality product gets delivered. The best way to move the needle on a KPI that is impacted by multiple departments is to set up an autonomous, cross-functional team (which we’ll refer to throughout this book as your quality team) to work on it. Recognizing the level of interdependence between teams to create a quality product is the essence of the Ownership Narrative. Everybody affects quality”


#### The “How to Test” Narrative

“This narrative can go wrong when one of two things happen.
First, when teams develop a “silver bullet” mentality, a sense that one particular type of testing or tool is all that’s needed to improve quality. When we play chess, football, or the piano, there isn’t just one way of doing it. There are multiple approaches.”

“The second problem is when the strategy of how to test is based on copying someone else’s tactics without understanding why they did it or the unique situation the company was in (not to mention the problems or limitations they are now facing since implementing them).”

“Over time, the maturity of your team, product, and company will evolve. This means the “How to Test” Narrative isn’t static. It adapts as you change.”


#### The Value Narrative
“When talking about the value that investing in quality brings, it’s important to focus on three main areas: revenue potential, savings, and risk mitigation.”

revenue potential
“Uncovering additional value for the customer
 – In addition to quality teams focusing on the company’s growth metric, they need to pay close attention to the value that the customer gets from the product (covering onboarding, engagement, and retention). This way, they can increase the likelihood of the customer using your product and paying for it in the future.”



“Understanding your quality narrative is the first step toward shifting the culture of quality within your organization”

