“There are four major areas to master in order to influence your quality narrative and adjust the culture of quality within your company:

- Knowing the audience you need to influence and what their motivations, goals and fears are”
- Creating empathy to increase alignment and understanding between teams and individuals
- Supporting the narrative with evidence to add weight to your ideas
- Cultivating internal champions to help create momentum
The best leaders use the above methods to get everyone around them on board with the changes they want to make.”

###### Knowing the audience

“What are their goals and objectives?
What concerns/challenges do they face in their day-to day-role?
Why would they object to your idea?
How does your idea impact them and their teams?

Once you’ve answered these questions, you’ll notice how different the motivations are for each of the people you’ve listed. Use this as a basis to find a way to speak the language of the person you’re trying to influence. Find what’s important to them, and then frame the issue in terms that make them sit up and take notice”

“when speaking with a management audience, you should focus the discussion around customers and the effects on the business.”

“By knowing more about the person you want to influence, you can ensure that the way you communicate appeals to them. By tailoring your message this way, more people will buy into your ideas, as they will have a clearer understanding of what’s in it for them.”

###### Creating empathy to increase alignment and understanding
“the empathy isn’t targeted between teams but between management and those in more operational roles. In these situations, increasing the visibility of what teams do on a day-to-day basis through “lunch and learns” or lightning talks can encourage more open communication about challenges and successes. Management can also go one step further and spend time sitting with the team to understand what they are actually doing.”

###### Support the Narrative with Evidence
Internal Evidence
“Having internal evidence that your idea is worth pursuing has the huge advantage of being relatable to the people inside your company. This increases the level of empathy available when aiming to create change.”

External Evidence
“data from industry studies, presentations from talks, or even books”

Excerpt From
Leading Quality: How Great Leaders Deliver High-Quality Software and Accelerate Growth
Peer, Owais
This material may be protected by copyright.


###### Cultivate Internal Champions
“When it comes to promoting ideas around quality, the Atlassian quality team focuses on sharing QA best practices, enhancing product/feature quality, and improving development-QA workflows. Spotify have a similar role with a slightly different job description: their “Quality Advocates” are tasked with promoting the importance of quality itself within the company.
Once you’ve begun gathering your internal champions, if you’re lucky, you may even one day echo the words that Lou from Airbnb put at the start of his blog post: “I’d like to share with you how we . . . changed our culture to make testing a first-class citizen.”
By focusing on developing your skills around influence and persuasion, you’ll be able to forge a stronger culture around quality within your company.”
