“You can cut your testing time in half and see zero effect on sales or revenue. You can decrease the number of bugs found to nearly nothing and not see a spike in your number of active users. Ultimately, the metrics your testing team focus on should improve overall company growth.
The final question we ask when speaking at conferences is:
“Which metrics can your team affect that will have the biggest impact on your company?”
That question reframes the whole dynamic by bridging the gap between growing the overall business and the focus of the quality teams. Instead of seeing QA as a support function, it turns QA into a growth driver.
Put another way: how can your quality teams help your company grow?”


##### The one metric that drives all others
“....he encouraged his teams to begin speaking in terms of the effect that situations would have on the number of subscribers. This meant that when they performed risk-based analysis on where to test, they focused on areas that would have a greater impact on the subscriber metric.”

But how do you know which number to focus on? What we’ve observed is that the best companies have a single company-wide metric that drives every decision, every department, and every individual’s efforts.

##### How to Identify the Right Growth Metric for Your Team

- Attention-Based Growth Metrics
If your product is primarily used for entertainment or information, like many B2C companies in the media and gaming industry, then you might want to consider using an attention-based growth metric. Attention-based growth metrics focus on the amount of time the user spends on the platform.

- Transaction-Based Growth Metrics
Other companies’ users find value primarily in using the product to purchase goods or services, as in the case of e-commerce, subscription, or marketplace platforms. Effective growth metrics for these types of businesses focus on optimizing the experience and reducing the friction of purchase.

- Productivity-Based Growth Metrics
For products used in the B2B space, the software itself usually aids a customer to complete a digital task or workflow. By using the software, the customer is aiming to improve their own productivity. This is where metrics based on user activity often serve well. This means your team should be focused on how quickly the user can reach success at a given task.”


To determine your growth metric:
- pick one of the three metric type
- write down how your customer gets value from using tour product
- try to find a single growth metric that you think will have the biggest impact


Growth metric isn't to replace all other metric. Good growth metric will let you focusing what really matters.


##### How growth metric impacts testing
The first thing it should do is inform how you prioritize quality issues. The issues that impact the metric are the ones you focus on first. Fix the most valuable bugs, that could increase groth metrics

The second thing your growth metric can do is increase cross-functional teamwork
A good growth metric sits at a high enough level that no single team moves it all by themselves. Having this shared goal allows the quality teams to interact with other teams, like working with data scientists to get more accurate information about user behavior or working alongside the customer support teams to access helpdesk chat.


##### Summary
- A growth metric is the one metric that has the greatest impact on growth in your company and is where your customer gets the most value from your product.

-Growth metrics can be broken down into three broad categories:
	- Attention-based, most commonly used by B2C companies

	- Transaction-based, most commonly used by e-commerce and marketplace companies

	 -- Productivity-based, most commonly used by B2B companies

To identify your growth metric, find out what the core value you provide to your customer is and use that as your measurement.
Once you have identified what your company’s growth metric should be, begin to focus all quality activities on moving the metric. This allows you to align your teams around what helps the company grow.”

