When your company is growing globally, it becomes more difficult to understand how users are experiencing your product. Your team needs to understand a more nuanced user persona called a “local persona.” Once your team has identified each user’s device, OS, and location, they can begin to work out how to test in an environment as close to the persona as possible.


##### Local Personas – Knowing Who Your Customers Are
The more diverse (geographically and by device type) your user base is, the more important it is to be able to localize your testing to ensure your product works for each of your local personas.

Whether your product teams are focused on new features to increase engagement or working out how to increase the value the customers get from the product so they spend more, the aim is to make sure you’re not filling a leaking bucket.
The second area to look at is new customer acquisition, focusing on the onboarding experience and getting users to your “aha” moment – where they really understand the value of the product – as fast as possible.


##### Retention and Expansion
If your company has a focus on retaining or expanding existing customers, you’ll first need to understand what your current local persona looks like”
It’s also important to note that your internal data might not always be giving you the full picture. There are times when existing customers are trying to use your product on devices that you are not properly supporting but the experience is so bad that they have defaulted to using your product on the devices that are working.

##### New Customer Acquisition
A common mistake that people make when using local personas is assuming that the new customers they want to acquire are going to have the exact same local personas as their existing customers. Although this can sometimes be true, many times (particularly when a company enter a brand-new market) the local personas are completely different.”
Once you’re clear on where to focus your testing, you can then start to choose the best method to test a local experience.


##### Testing the local experience
The best way to test a local persona is in the real world, as close to the environment of your current users as possible.

- How can you make the whole process as repeatable and scalable as the rest of your testing infrastructure?
- How can you optimize the feedback loop between needing information about a local persona and having it ready for your team to use?
- Which environments (staging/production) make the most sense for you to be testing in?



##### Summary
- Every device, every operating system, and every location creates a new experience for how your customer uses your app.
- In order to ensure your customers are experiencing the quality that they want, you should aim to test in real-world conditions.
- In order to test in the environments of your local personas, you can choose to:
	-- Send your team to the location to test on the ground
	-- Use your existing users as beta users to test the product
	--Work with an external partner such as crowdsourced testing vendors

